Aggregatable contribution budget capacity. (#1422)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: AGGREGATE.md

    "geoValue": "0x5" // Source-side geo region = 5 (US), out of a possible ~100 regions
  },

>   "aggregatable_report_window": "86400",

Reviewer: Shall we move this to a separate section for this new feature, similar to https://github.com/WICG/attribution-reporting-api/blob/main/AGGREGATE.md#optional-flexible-contribution-filtering-with-filtering-ids?

in seconds after source registration during which aggregatable reports may be created 
for this source.

> There is also a new optional field, `aggregatable_bucket_max_budget`, which is

Reviewer: This can be removed here. Ditto below.

Author: do you mean also remove line 422-432?

See [flexible_filtering.md](https://github.com/patcg-individual-drafts/private-aggregation-api/blob/main/flexible_filtering.md) for more details.

### Optional: named budgets

Named budgets is an optional feature that gives API callers the ability 
to manage `L1` contribution budget distribution across different aggregatable

> buckets or types of attributions, addressing common challenges such as:

Reviewer: Shall we avoid `bucket` here as well?

> buckets or types of conversions, addressing common challenges such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
buckets or types of attributions, addressing common challenges such as:
```

> - Allocating the privacy budget between different types of conversions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allocating the privacy budget between different types of attributions
```

  (e.g., biddable vs. non-biddable).

> - Distributing the budget across multiple SDKs to prevent any single SDK

Reviewer 2: I think the use of the term `SDK` in this explainer document, without further elaboration, is confusing. Can we either give a more concrete example of this or find another example entirely?

Reviewer: +1, the explainer should use web use cases.

Author: Good point, updated the use case with campaigns.

  from consuming all available privacy budget.

[Source registrations](#attribution-source-registration) will accept an optional

> field `aggregatable_bucket_max_budget`, which is the dictionary used to set the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
field `aggregatable_bucket_max_budget`, which is a dictionary used to set the
```

> maximum contribution for each budget name for this source.

Reviewer: Maybe `for each named budget`?

```jsonc
{

>   ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ..., // existing fields
```

  "aggregatable_bucket_max_budget": {
    "bucket1": 32768,  // Max contribution budget for bucket1.
    "bucket2": 32768   // Max contribution budget for bucket2.
  }
}
```

[Trigger registrations](#attribution-trigger-registration) will accept an

> optional field `aggregatable_buckets` which will be used to select the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
optional field `aggregatable_buckets`, which will be used to select the
```

contribution bucket for the generated aggregate report.

```jsonc
{

>   ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ..., // existing fields
```

> contribution bucket for the generated aggregate report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contribution bucket for the generated aggregatable report.
```

  "named_budgets": [
    {

>       "name": "name1",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "name": "budgetName1",
```
To make it clear that it is expected to match that of the attributed source.

>       "bucket": "example string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "bucket": "bucket1",
```

      "filters": {"source_type": ["navigation"]}
    }
  ]
}
```

> The first budget name from the trigger that matches the source's filter data

Reviewer: Shall we say `The first named budget`?

> The first aggregatable bucket from the trigger that matches the source filters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first aggregatable bucket from the trigger that matches the source's filter data
```

will be selected. If there is no bucket specified or no matching filters, the
`L1` contribution budget will still be applied.

> When generating an aggregate report, in addition to performing the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating an aggregatable report, in addition to performing the 
```

current `L1` budget limit check, the contributions for the report will

> be checked against the available budget in the selected budget name, if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be checked against the available budget with the selected budget name, if applicable.
```

> If the budget is insufficient, the aggregate report will be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the budget is insufficient, the aggregatable report will not be generated.
```

See [flexible_filtering.md](https://github.com/patcg-individual-drafts/private-aggregation-api/blob/main/flexible_filtering.md) for more details.

### Optional: aggregatable buckets

Currently the adtech doesn't have control over how the total `L1` budget is
allocated across different types of conversions.

With this optional feature, the adtech can now manage `L1` budget distribution
across different aggregatable buckets, addressing common challenges such as:

- Allocating the privacy budget between different types of conversions
  (e.g., biddable vs. non-biddable).
- Distributing the budget across multiple SDKs to prevent any single SDK
  from consuming all available privacy budget.

> [Source registration](#attribution-source-registration) will accept an optional

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Source registrations](#attribution-source-registration) will accept an optional
```

field `aggregatable_bucket_max_budget`, which is the dictionary used to set the
maximum contribution for each aggregatable bucket for this source.

```jsonc
{
  ...
  "aggregatable_bucket_max_budget": {
    "bucket1": 32768,  // Max contribution budget for bucket1.
    "bucket2": 32768   // Max contribution budget for bucket2.
  }
}
```

[Trigger registration](#attribution-trigger-registration) will accept an
optional field `aggregatable_buckets` which will be used to select the
contribution bucket for the generated aggregate report.

```jsonc
{
  ...
  "aggregatable_buckets": [
    {
      "bucket": "example string",
      "filters": {"source_type": ["navigation"]}
    }
  ]
}
```

The first aggregatable bucket from the trigger that matches the source filters
will be selected. If there is no bucket specified or no matching filters, the
`L1` contribution budget will still be applied.

> When generating a pending aggregate report, in addition to performing the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When generating an aggregate report, in addition to performing the 
```

> When generating a pending aggregate report, in addition to performing the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When generating an aggregate report, in addition to performing the 
```

> current `L1` budget limit check, the required contributions for the report will

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
current `L1` budget limit check, the contributions for the report will
```

See [flexible_filtering.md](https://github.com/patcg-individual-drafts/private-aggregation-api/blob/main/flexible_filtering.md) for more details.

### Optional: aggregatable buckets

Source registration will accept an optional field
`aggregatable_bucket_max_budget`, which is the dictionary used to set the
maximum contribution for each aggregatable bucket for this source.

```jsonc
{
  ...
  "aggregatable_bucket_max_budget": {
    "bucket1": 32768,  // Max contribution budget for bucket1.
    "bucket2": 32768   // Max contribution budget for bucket2.
  }
}
```

Trigger registration will accept an optional field `aggregatable_buckets` which
will be used to select the contribution bucket for the generated aggregate report.

```jsonc
{
  ...
  "aggregatable_buckets": [
    {
      "bucket": "example string",
      "filters": {"source_type": ["navigation"]}
    }
  ]
}
```

The first aggregatable bucket from the trigger that matches the source filters
will be selected. If there is no bucket specified or no matching filters, the

> `L1` contribution budget and [Aggregate Debug Reporting](aggregate_debug_reporting.md#contribution-bounding-and-budgeting)

Reviewer: I don’t think we need to mention ADR here.

privacy budget will still be applied.

When generating a pending aggregate report, in addition to performing the 
current `L1` budget limit check, the required contributions for the report will
be checked against the available budget in the selected bucket, if applicable.

> If the budget is insufficient, a debug report will be created, indicating that 

Reviewer: Probably don’t need to call out the debug report in the explainer, as that’s covered in other documents.

  single campaign from consuming all available privacy budget.

[Source registrations](#attribution-source-registration) will accept an optional
field `named_budgets`, which is a dictionary used to set the
maximum contribution for each budget name for this source.

```jsonc
{
  ..., // existing fields
  "named_budgets": {
    "budgetName1": 32768,  // Max contribution budget for budgetName1.
    "budgetName2": 32768   // Max contribution budget for budgetName2.
  }
}
```

[Trigger registrations](#attribution-trigger-registration) will accept an
optional field `named_budgets`, which will be used to select the

> contribution budget name for the generated aggregatable report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
named budget for the generated aggregatable report.
```
